CEXT-6029: Add uninstallation flow on app unassociation (#369)
adobe/aio-commerce-sdk: .changeset/green-beds-dance.md

---
"@adobe/aio-commerce-lib-app": minor
---

Add uninstallation flow on app unassociation.

- New `POST /installation/uninstallation` endpoint starts an async uninstallation workflow and returns 202 Accepted with the initial state.
- New `GET /installation/uninstallation` endpoint returns the current uninstallation status (200 with state or 204 if not started).
- New `POST /installation/uninstallation/execution` internal endpoint executes the uninstallation workflow steps asynchronously.
- New `DELETE /installation/uninstallation` endpoint clears the uninstallation state only, without triggering any offboarding.
- Removed `DELETE /installation` endpoint. Uninstallation is now handled exclusively through the `/installation/uninstallation` sub-path.
- Added uninstall method to each step that requires uninstallation logic, including the Admin UI SDK, eventing, webhooks, and custom installation steps.

> - `defineCustomInstallationStep` now accepts an object with `install` and optional `uninstall` handlers in addition to a plain function, enabling per-step cleanup logic.

Reviewer: All of these are implementation details that a user of the library doesn't care much about (in my opinion). I'd remove all this information and keep it simple, while also avoiding mentioning concepts related to App Management, as this library is not necessarily used with it.

```suggestion
Add uninstallation flow for both native steps and custom steps. `defineCustomInstallationStep` now accepts an object with `install` and an optional `uninstall` handler in addition to a plain function, enabling per-step cleanup logic.
```
